well trip to the emergency room may not
be quite as scary as it used to be for
children on Vancouver Island thanks to
the generosity of variety the children's
charity and thousands of others the new
pediatric emergency care area and
Victoria General Hospital has been
officially unveiled from the bright
colors to the specialized equipment this
new area is all about kids mom and dad
are trying to keep little Dylan busy and
Vic generals emergency department for
kids a visit to emergency can be
particularly frightening but from the
moment you step into the waiting room
this one is different
we've got children from all over the
island that will end up coming to this
ER and they want it to be as less
traumatizing as possible less scary as
possible child-friendly and at the same
time give them the best possible care
they can the new variety pediatric
emergency care area is not only designed
to help calm young nerves but also to
allow doctors to better treat kids with
specialized equipment that is
color-coded by age special oxygen masks
that have a face on it
that make it a little more friendly and
fun for a child if they're gonna have an
oxygen mask over their mouth more than
2,500 donors to the Victoria Hospitals
foundation helped fund the new pediatric
area but it was variety the children's
charity that took the lead variety
donated two hundred seventy eight
thousand dollars which it says was a
tough decision we had to put life-saving
above life-enhancing so unfortunately
last year was we had to say no to some
camps we did at least get to provide
this service that will go on and on for
future generations the pediatric
emergency care area also includes
special isolation rooms for families to
be with children suffering from a
serious illness and the separate waiting
room shields young eyes from other
patients experiencing trauma in a
hospital which treats 14,000 young
islanders a year because we have the
pediatric center here at vgh this is
where we direct children and their
families to come for care and yet in the
old ER that was about a quarter of the
size there was no special tools for
children no special beds for children
it's important that they get the best
equipment the best service the best care
and that's why the bright is involved
and that's why this little guy will
always be
good hands in view royal Andrew Johnson
a news